28.2 Friendly Robot
Methods
You are creating a robot, "Welcomer 2000", that never fails to greet a single person it encounters. You provide the number of people that will enter the room, and the robot will shout "Welcome" that number of times.
The program you are given already takes a number as input and calls the method according provided count. The issue is that the method is incomplete. Fix it.
Sample Input
2
Sample Output
Welcome!
Welcome!

28.3 Area Of A Rectangle
Method Parameters
The program you are given takes length and width of a rectangle as input.
Complete the method to take them as parameters, then calculate and output the area of the rectangle.
Sample Input
4
5
Sample Output
20

30.2 Loading, Loading, Loading
Creating Classes & Objects
Create a program to show loading message to your application users.
Define a class Loading which has one public method called LoadingMessage(), which should print "Loading" when called.
Create an object named loading and call that method.
Don't forget to use new keyword while creating an object.

31.2 Tracking Customer Data
Class Attributes
You are the administrator of a hotel and must create customer information cards for your new customers. On the card, you must note the customer’s first and last name, age, and room number.
The program you are given takes a guest's data (first name, last name, age, and room number) as input.
Complete the class by adding corresponding attributes so that the saveCustomerInfo() method works correctly. Also assign taken data values to attributes of created object.
Sample Input
John
Smith
35
204
Sample Output
First name: John
Second name: Smith
Age: 35
Room number: 204

32.2 Going Places
Access Modifiers
You're a tour manager and you need to have a list of countries along with its capitals.
You're given a program which creates Country object and you should output the name and the capital, but something goes wrong.
Task
Change the access modifiers of the Country class fields in order to perform the required output.
Use public access modifier to provide access to any other classes.

32.3 Total Salries
Access Modifiers
You are a manager at company that have two employees, James and Tom.
You wrote a program to calculate total employee salary: it creates two objects for workers and sets the corresponding parameters.
But something is wrong. The program doesn't provide access to attributes. Fix it.
Also complete the method to calculate and return the total salary.

33.2 Student Information System
Getters and Setters
The program you are given receives name and age of student as input.
Complete the program to set the values for the corresponding attributes of the Student class and prints out the final result. If the age is <0, program should output "Invalid age" and assign a 0 value to the age attribute.
Sample Input
Olivia
-2
Sample Output
Invalid age
Name: Olivia
Age: 0
Explanation
-2 is invalid value for age attribute, that's why "Invalid age" and "Age: 0" is printed. Setter and Getter should handle this.
You need to handle the conditions inside the Getter and the Setter.

34.2 Organizing Screenshots
Constructors
We are creating our own application for taking screenshots.
It has an option to set a name for screenshot-file to be saved. If user doesn't insert a name for it while saving, program automatically sets "Screenshot" name for it.
Given program should create and save two screenshots: one with default name and one with name given by user. But something goes wrong.
Fix the program by completing two constructors, so that given outputs works correctly.
Sample Input
Desktop
Sample Output
Screenshot
Desktop


34.3 Movie Tickets
Constructors
Your friend is a cashier at a movie theater. He knows that you are an awesome java developer so he asked you to help him out and create a program that gets movie title, row, and seat information and prints out a new ticket.
Complete the existing code by adding a constructor to Ticket class so that it can be correctly initialized.
Sample Input
Jaws
5
1
Sample Output
Movie: Jaws
Row: 5
Seat: 1


36.2 Exponents
The Math Class
Write a program to take numbers as input and return the first number raised to the power of the second number.
Sample Input
2
4
Sample Output
16.0

41.0 Binary Converter
inary Converter


The binary numeric system uses only two digits: 0 and 1. Computers operate in binary, meaning they store data and perform calculations using only zeros and ones.

You need to make a program to convert integer numbers to their binary representation.
Create a Converter class with a static toBinary() method, which returns the binary version of its argument.
The code in main takes a number as input and calls the corresponding static method. Make sure the code works as expected.

Sample Input:
42
Sample Output:
101010

You can use the following code to convert a number to binary: